node.md, before:

## Libraries
- [axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) - Promise based HTTP client (works in the browser too).
- [dotenv-safe](https://github.com/rolodato/dotenv-safe) - Load and validate .env files
- [agenda](https://github.com/agenda/agenda) - Lightweight job scheduling for Node.js
- [agendash](https://github.com/agenda/agendash) - Agenda Dashboard
- [signale](https://github.com/klaussinani/signale) - Hackable console logger 👋 
- [ora](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ora) - Elegant terminal spinner
- [shelljs](https://github.com/shelljs/shelljs) - Portable Unix shell commands for Node.js 
- [x-ray](https://github.com/matthewmueller/x-ray) - Web scraping utility.
- [sequelize](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize) - An easy-to-use multi SQL dialect ORM for Node.js 
- [mongoose](https://github.com/Automattic/mongoose) - MongoDB object modeling designed to work in an asynchronous environment.
- [Nodemailer](https://github.com/nodemailer/nodemailer) - The fastest way to handle email.
- [csvtojson](https://www.npmjs.com/package/csvtojson) - Nodejs csv parser to convert csv to json or column arrays. 

## Utilities
- [get-urls](https://github.com/sindresorhus/get-urls) - Get all urls in a string

### Trying
- [imap-simple](https://www.npmjs.com/package/imap-simple) - Wrapper for node-imap

Commit message:

Add body-parser, express, mongoose

node.md, after:

## Libraries
- [axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) - Promise based HTTP client (works in the browser too).
- [dotenv-safe](https://github.com/rolodato/dotenv-safe) - Load and validate .env files
- [agenda](https://github.com/agenda/agenda) - Lightweight job scheduling for Node.js
- [agendash](https://github.com/agenda/agendash) - Agenda Dashboard
- [signale](https://github.com/klaussinani/signale) - Hackable console logger 👋 
- [ora](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ora) - Elegant terminal spinner
- [shelljs](https://github.com/shelljs/shelljs) - Portable Unix shell commands for Node.js 
- [x-ray](https://github.com/matthewmueller/x-ray) - Web scraping utility.
- [sequelize](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize) - An easy-to-use multi SQL dialect ORM for Node.js 
- [mongoose](https://github.com/Automattic/mongoose) - MongoDB object modeling designed to work in an asynchronous environment.
- [Nodemailer](https://github.com/nodemailer/nodemailer) - The fastest way to handle email.
- [csvtojson](https://www.npmjs.com/package/csvtojson) - Nodejs csv parser to convert csv to json or column arrays.
- [body-parser](https://github.com/expressjs/body-parser) is a middleware for parsing the body of the request.
- [express](https://github.com/expressjs/express) to create the web server for the REST API
- [mongoose](http://mongoosejs.com/) is a schema-based library for working with MongoDB.


## Utilities
- [get-urls](https://github.com/sindresorhus/get-urls) - Get all urls in a string

### Trying
- [imap-simple](https://www.npmjs.com/package/imap-simple) - Wrapper for node-imap
